Alex Rudnicky's Home Page
Alexander
I. Rudnicky
I'm a
Professor Emeritus at the Language Technologies Instutute in the School
of Computer Science at Carnegie
Mellon University. I'm a part of the Carnegie Mellon Speech
Group, one of the oldest such groups in the country, founded by Raj Reddy. I'm also
the Director of the Carnegie
Mellon Speech ConsortiumLanguage
Technologies Institute and, actually, most of my students are
based there.
My current
interests center on language-based communication between humans and
robots and on aspects of core speech recognition, such as
out-of-vocabulary (OOV) word processing. I am also interested in
approaches to learning based on implicit supervision and on improvement
of speech system knowledge through dialog.
Check this list of publications.
interfaces,
spoken dialog systems and language in general. I've headed the SpeechWear
project that produced an early mobile speech system; I'm still
interested in the topic of mobile
speech. I also headed the Communicator
project, which dealt with spoken dialog system architectures. Olympus, a successor
system, is available in Open Source. The Ravenclaw
dialog
manager came out of the Communicator work and is the current
foundation for many of the systems that we create. RavenClaw
incorporates dialog management ideas that were first introduced in the
Office Manager (OM) system and further developed in successor systems,
including Scheduler and AGENDA. Papers listed on the publications
describe this work. Some
videos from our group.
In 1996 I
implemented a set of web-based
tools that are used to generate a knowledge base for the open
source Sphinx
recognition system, including a language model and a pronouncing
dictionary. It's proved to be quite popular, and I've continued to
maintain the tool and expand its capabilities. Do try it out if you are
building a recognition system (the model formats work for any
ARPA-compliant system).
We continue to maintain Ravenclaw and the Olympus dialog system toolkit in open source.
If you'd like to know
more about me read this biographical sketch or look at this maybe not up-to-date resumé.
You can also find me at LinkedIn
and on Plaxo;
these sites will have somewhat different information about me. I'm involved in several
organizations focused on spoken language interaction (SIGdial)
and speech technologies (AVIOS).
The following papers cover our work in the past while. It's probably out of date.
Check here
for a complete list. Or just look me up here.
Chen,
YN, Sun, M,. Rudnicky A.I., and Gershman, A. Leveraging
Behavioral Patterns of Mobile Applications for Personalized Spoken Language
Understanding, Proceedings of The 17th ACM International Conference
on Multimodal Interaction (ICMI 2015), Seattle WA, (to appear).
Chen,
YN, Wang, WY and Rudnicky, A.I. Learning Semantic
Hierarchy with Distributional Representations for Unsupervised Spoken Language
Understanding,  Proceedings of The 16th Annual Conference of the
International Speech Communication Association (INTERSPEECH 2015), Dresden
DE, 2015.
Sun, M.,
Chen, YN and Rudnicky, A.I. Learning
OOV through Semantic Relatedness in Spoken Dialog Systems Proceedings of
The 16th Annual Conference of the International Speech Communication
Association (INTERSPEECH 2015), Dresden DE, 2015.
Chiu,
J, Yajie Miao, Y, Black, AW and Rudnicky, A.I. Distributed
Representation-based Spoken Word Sense Induction, Proceedings of
Interspeech, Dresden DE, 2015.
Marge,
M.
and Rudnicky, A. Miscommunication
Recovery in Physically Situated Dialogue Proceedings of SIGdial,
Prague CZ, 2015.
Chen,
YN, Wang, WY, Gershman, A. and Rudnicky, A.I. Matrix
Factorization with Knowledge Graph Propagation for Unsupervised Spoken Language
Understanding, Proceedings of The 53rd Annual Meeting of the ACL
and The 7th International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing of
the Asian Federation of Natural Language Processing (ACL-IJCNLP 2015),
Beijing China, 2015.
Chen
YN, Wang, WY, Rudnicky, A.I., Jointly
Modeling Inter-Slot Relations by Random Walk on Knowledge Graphs for
Unsupervised Spoken Language Understanding, Proceedings of NAACL,
Denver CO, 2015.
Yu,
Z., Papangelis, A. & Rudnicky, A. TickTock:
Engagement Awareness in a non-Goal-Oriented Multimodal Dialogue System. AAAI
Spring Symposium, 2015.
Chen, YN & Rudnicky, AI Dynamically Supporting Unexplored Domains in Conversational Interactions by Enriching Semantics with Neural Word Embeddings Proceedings of SLT, December 2014, Lake Tahoe, NV.
Chen, YN, Wang, WY & Rudnicky, AI Leveraging Frame Semantics and Distributional Semantics for Unsupervised Semantic Slot Induction in Spoken Dialogue Systems Proceedings of SLT, December 2014, Lake Tahoe, NV.
Pappu, A. & Rudnicky, A.I.
Learning Situated Knowledge Bases through Dialog.
Proceedings of Interspeech, September 2014, Singapore.
Justin Chiu, J., Wang, Y., Trmal, J., Povey, D., Chen, G., Rudnicky, A. Combination of FST and CN Search in Spoken Term Detection
Proceedings of Interspeech, September 2014, Singapore.
Qin, L. & Rudnicky, AI Building a vocabulary self-learning speech recognition system, Proceedings of Interspeech, September 2014, Singapore.
Pappu, A. & Rudnicky, A.I. Knowledge Acquisition Strategies for Goal-Oriented Dialog Systems.
Proceedings of SIGDIAL, June 2014, Philadelphia, PA.
Chen, YN & Rudnicky, AI Two-Stage Stochastic Natural Language Generation for Email Synthesis by Modeling Sender Style and Topic Structure, Proceedings of the 8th Int'l Natural Language Generation Conference (INLG), June 2014, Philadelphia, PA.
Pappu, A., Sun, M., Sridharan, S. & Rudnicky, A.I. Conversational Strategies for Robustly Managing Dialog in Public Spaces Proceedings of EACL Dialog in Motion Workshop, 2014, Gothenburg, Sweden.
If you need to
reach me, E-mail is usually a good bet, particularly when I'm away on
travel, since I do check my mail regularly.
My
office is room 6511 in the Gates-Hillman
Center (10a on the map). Or you can reach me in one of the following ways:
email
+1
412 268 2622 (voice)
+1
412 268 5576 (fax)
Postal
Address:
Prof. Alexander Rudnicky
School of Computer Science
Carnegie Mellon University
5000 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
USA