Anatole Gershman
Anatole Gershman
Distinguished Career Professor
of Computer Science
Language Technologies Institute
6415 Gates-Hillman Complex
Carnegie Mellon University
Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890
Email:
Phone: (412) 268-8259
Fax:
(412) 268-6298
á
Information
extraction and co-reference resolution
á
á       Knowledge and language acquisition through
active learning
á
Reasoning
under uncertainty
á
Fusion
of information from disparate sources
á
Making
everyday objects smart
Teaching
2007-2012:  Inventing
the Future of Services
Fall 2014:
15-291 Applied
Computational Intelligence Lab
Recent:
Analysis of
Uncertain Data (IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics,
2009 PDF, PDF)
Encore (Entity Co-reference
Resolution)
PDF)
Metal –
Multi-lingual Metaphor Identification and Interpretation (ACL2014 PDF)
Current:
PDF,
SIGIR PIR 2014 PDF, SIGIR 2013 PDF, LREC12 PDF)
TREE –
Teachable Relations and Event Extractor
Analysis of
Customer Service phone calls
Short
Bio
My entire
professional career has been dedicated to a simple question: How can we use
Information Technology to act more intelligently? In a commercial setting,
where I spent most of my professional life, I had to apply this question to
activities that make business sense such as creation of new productivity tools,
products and services. Every advance in basic technologies created
opportunities for intelligent business applications.  In the 1980s, I led
the design and implementation of the first production-quality automated Natural
Language Processing system that handled international money transfer telexes
for Citibank. When I joined Accenture in 1989, I created a lab that explored
the use of multimedia for knowledge management and training. We also built
early, pre-web prototypes of interactive multimedia-based eCommerce
applications. In 1995, we released the worldÕs first eCommerce
agent that shopped the web for music CDs.
While the whole
world was falling in love with eCommerce and
predicting the demise of Òbrick and mortar,Ó we quickly realized that the
physical world was not about to disappear.  We coined the term uCommerce for Ubiquitous Commerce and built a number
of demonstrations of services that use the combination of personal mobile
devices and the surrounding environments. As we were building early examples of
Ubiquitous Commerce, it became clear to us that these services would require
complex automated intelligence based on detailed models of human behavior.
Automated creation of such models requires an ability to fuse often ambiguous
and noisy information from disparate sources, including physical sensors and
the web. As a result, we created an Analytics and Intelligence group at
Accenture Technology Labs which now includes several CMU graduates.