Emma
Strubell
Toggle navigation
about(current)
publications
slab
teaching
Emma
Strubell she/her
I am the Raj Reddy Assistant Professor in the Language Technologies Institute in the School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University, and a Visiting Scientist at the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence. I also hold a courtesy faculty appointment in CMU's Department of Materials Science and Engineering.
6709 Gates Hillman
Pittsburgh, PA, USA
I earned my Ph.D. from UMass Amherst	working in the Information Extraction and Synthesis Laboratory with Andrew McCallum. Previously, I earned a B.S. in Computer Science from the University of Maine with a minor in math, where I applied epidemiological models to the spread of internet worms with David Hiebelerhere.
here.
/etc
Maintaining a healthy work-life balance is important to me. Outside of work, I enjoy cooking and baking (mostly vegetarian and vegan), fermenting (kombucha, kimchi, yogurt, sourdough), DIY renovating and restoring my weird old house, and hiking and camping with my two dogs, Nala and Pepper.
In 2019 I backpacked the first 250 miles (southbound) of the Colorado Trail with Nala, and I hope to finish the trail soon! I also like to summit the high points of U.S. states. So far I have completed: Colorado, Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania. I have also come close in Vermont and New Hampshire.
I am also co-author of Plant Jones, a semi-intelligent plant who tweets negatively about water when thirsty, and positively when not. Code is available here. Plant has been staying away from social media lately, but is still living his best life in my kitchen today!
I started programming in middle school on my TI-83 calculator, and started using Gentoo Linux in high school, all self-taught out of a strong motivation to h4ck the planet. Now I’ve sold out and use a Mac, but can still satisfy some of that system debugging itch when I teach On-Device ML.
selected publications
AI Impact Prize
Energy and Policy Considerations for Deep Learning in NLP
Emma Strubell, Ananya Ganesh, and Andrew McCallum
In Proceedings of the 57th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics. Jul, 2019.
HTML
PDF
Best Paper
Linguistically-Informed Self-Attention for Semantic Role Labeling
Emma Strubell, Patrick Verga, Daniel Andor, David Weiss, and Andrew McCallum
In Proceedings of the 2018 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing. Oct, 2018.
HTML
PDF
Code
Outstanding Paper
Learning Dynamic Feature Selection for Fast Sequential Prediction
Emma Strubell, Luke Vilnis, Kate Silverstein, and Andrew McCallum
In Proceedings of the 53rd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics and the 7th International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing (Volume 1: Long Papers). Jul, 2015.
HTML
PDF
Email is the best way to reach me, or by Slack if you are at LTI or AI2.
© Copyright 2023 Emma
Strubell. Powered by Jekyll with al-folio theme. Hosted by GitHub Pages. SLAB logo by Syd Low.
Last updated: October 16, 2023.