Title: Neutral Face Learning and Progressive Fusion Synthesis Network for NIR-VIS Face Recognition
Year: 2023
Authors: Yiming Yang, Weipeng Hu, Haifeng Hu
Abstract: To meet the strong demand for deploying face recognition systems in low-light scenarios, the Near-InfraRed and VISible (NIR-VIS) face recognition task is receiving increasing attention. However, heterogeneous faces have the characteristics of heterogeneity and non-neutrality. Heterogeneity refers to the fact that the matching images are in different modalities, and non-neutrality means that the matching images are significantly different in pose, expression, lighting, etc. Both situations pose challenges for NIR-VIS face matching. To address this problem, we propose a novel Neutral face Learning and Progressive Fusion synthesis (NLPF) network to disentangle the latent attributes of heterogeneous faces and learn neutral face representations. Our approach naturally integrates Identity-related Neutral face Learning (INL) and Attribute Progressive Fusion (APF) into a joint framework. Firstly, INL eliminates modal variations and residual variations by guiding the network to learn homogeneous neutral face feature representations, which tackles the challenge of heterogeneity and non-neutrality by mapping cross-modal images to a common neutral representation subspace. Besides, APF is presented to perform the disentanglement and reintegration of identity-related features, modality-related features and residual features in a progressive fusion manner, which helps to further purify identity-related features. Comprehensive evaluations are carried out on three mainstream NIR-VIS datasets to verify the robustness and effectiveness of the NLPF model. In particular, NLPF has competitive recognition performance on LAMP-HQ, the most challenging NIR-VIS dataset so far.
Publication Venue: IEEE transactions on circuits and systems for video technology (Print)
TLDR: {'model': 'tldr@v2.0.0', 'text': 'A novel Neutral face Learning and Progressive Fusion synthesis (NLPF) network is proposed to disentangle the latent attributes of heterogeneous faces and learn neutral face representations to solve the challenge of heterogeneity and non-neutrality in face recognition.'}
