Schedule
April 11-14, 2024
Register Now
Spring Carnival Schedule
Note: Event dates, times and details are subject to change. We will update the schedule as we receive information.
Weekend Highlights
Booth, Rides and Dog Houses
Thursday: 3-11 p.m.
Friday & Saturday: 11 a.m.-11 p.m.
Carnival Headquarters Tent Check-In & Registration
Carnival Headquarters Tent
Check-In & Registration
Thursday, Friday and Saturday: 8 a.m.-7 p.m.
Activities, Wellness and Kidzone tents
Thursday: 3-7 p.m.
Friday and Saturday: 8 a.m.-7 p.m.
Buggy Races and Donut Tent
Friday's Preliminary Sweepstakes Race: 8 a.m.-Noon
Saturday's Final Sweepstakes Race: 8 a.m.-Noon
Scotch'n'Soda Performance of The Little Mermaid
Scotch'n'Soda Performance of
The Little Mermaid
Thursday: 7-9:30 p.m.
Friday: 6-8:30 p.m. and 10 p.m.-12:30 a.m.
Saturday: 3-5:30 p.m. and 7-9:30 p.m.
Interested in holding an event during Carnival?  Student form Campus partners and alumni organizations form
Interested in holding an event during Carnival?
Student form
Campus partners and alumni organizations form
A few notes about below schedule:
Use Tracks to filter events by category, including student, reunion, virtual, family friendly and school/college. You may use the search function to find a specific day, category or event.
Check out the first draft of the Carnival map.
Additional events will be added up through Carnival, so be sure to bookmark this page. Below are just a few of the events that are in the works:
Spring Carnival Committee weekend entertainment schedule
Tartan Tuba
Yarnivores Pop-up Shop
Songkran: Thai New Year Celebration
CMU Feminists Engaged in Multicultural Matters and Education Panel (FEMME)
Street Styles performances
Search for event
Tracks
ET
Submit your photo by April 16 to be included in the Faces of Carnival. Look for your image — along with hundreds of others from the worldwide CMU community — when we share the mosaic on social media and in email after Spring Carnival 2024.
Submit your photo
by April 16 to be included in the Faces of Carnival. Look for your image — along with hundreds of others from the worldwide CMU community — when we share the mosaic on social media and in email after Spring Carnival 2024.
Livestream
Follow all of the action via livestream starting with Move On on April 5, followed by Build Week and finally the completed Booths beginning on April 11 through April 14.Note: Add event during registration for calendar hold. Link will be added prior to Build Week.
Note: Add event during registration for calendar hold. Link will be added prior to Build Week.
4th Floor, Hunt Library
For the past 40 years, the Architecture Archives collections at Carnegie Mellon University has documented thousands of projects and the work of hundreds of designers. The exhibition highlights the wide diversity of materials from preliminary sketches to presentation renderings to specifications and photographs to publications and select architectural models which help piece together the rich history of the built environment of Pittsburgh and the region. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Smith Exhibit Space, 1st Floor, Hunt Library
Inventing Shakespeare tells the little known story of technological innovation, instrumentation and mechanical prototyping inspired by research into Shakespeare’s most famous book. Objects in the exhibit range from a fully immersive VR tour of a reconstructed Shakespearean playhouse, a 1960s-era mechanical collator designed to compare multiple copies of the First Folio, and fragments of the folios themselves. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
WRCT 88.3
Tune into WRCT at 88.3 FM to hear Buggy Alumni Association (BAA) guest panelists discuss Buggy. Note: Add event during registration for calendar hold. A reminder with link will be sent to registrants 24 hours and one hour prior.
Tune into
WRCT at 88.3 FM
to hear Buggy Alumni Association (BAA) guest panelists discuss Buggy. Note: Add event during registration for calendar hold. A reminder with link will be sent to registrants 24 hours and one hour prior.
Note: Add event during registration for calendar hold. A reminder with link will be sent to registrants 24 hours and one hour prior.
Inventing Shakespeare tells the little known story of technological innovation, instrumentation and mechanical prototyping inspired by research into Shakespeare’s most famous book. Objects in the exhibit range from a fully immersive VR tour of a reconstructed Shakespearean playhouse, a 1960s-era mechanical collator designed to compare multiple copies of the First Folio, and fragments of the folios themselves.   Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
For the past 40 years, the Architecture Archives collections at Carnegie Mellon University has documented thousands of projects and the work of hundreds of designers. The exhibition highlights the wide diversity of materials from preliminary sketches to presentation renderings to specifications and photographs to publications and select architectural models which help piece together the rich history of the built environment of Pittsburgh and the region.Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Tent, The Cut
Open to the entire Tartan community! The Carnival Headquarters Tent is #1 on the map - look for the giant inflatable Scotty dog!Make this your first stop to check in, download the app and register to win the daily Tartan Swag Bag giveaway. Weekend hours: Thursday through Saturday: 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Open to the entire Tartan community!
The Carnival Headquarters Tent is
#1 on the map
- look for the giant inflatable Scotty dog!Make this your first stop to check in, download the app and register to win the daily Tartan Swag Bag giveaway. Weekend hours: Thursday through Saturday: 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Weekend hours:
Starting location: Reunion Tent
The Reunion Tent is #4 on the map.Reunion celebrants have two opportunities to join fellow Tartan alumni on a unique “All About the Burgh” fully guided city tour. Experience the best of Pittsburgh’s architecture, rivers, Duquesne Incline and landmarks from a 1920s-style trolley with panoramic views! Advance registration required. No walk-ins. This event is for alumni Reunion celebrants only. Times and Costs
The Reunion Tent is
#4 on the map
.Reunion celebrants have two opportunities to join fellow Tartan alumni on a unique “All About the Burgh” fully guided city tour. Experience the best of Pittsburgh’s architecture, rivers, Duquesne Incline and landmarks from a 1920s-style trolley with panoramic views! Advance registration required. No walk-ins. This event is for alumni Reunion celebrants only. Times and Costs
Advance registration required. No walk-ins. This event is for alumni Reunion celebrants only.
Times and Costs
10:30 a.m.-1:30 p.m.
Includes round-trip shuttle transportation, lunch at Roland's Seafood Grill in the Strip and tour ticket.
Now through Feb. 23: $50 per person (12 years of age and older).
Feb. 24 through Apr. 5: $55 per person (12 years of age and older).
No children under 12 years of age.
1:30-3 p.m.
Family-friendly tour that includes round-trip shuttle transportation and tour ticket.
Adult price
Now through Feb. 23: $25 per person (12 years of age and older).
Feb. 24 through Apr. 5: $30 per person (12 years of age and older).
Child
Now through Feb. 23: $15 per person ages 6-11.
Feb. 24 through Apr. 5: $20 per person ages 6-11.
No fee for children 5 and under.
The Pittsburgh Trolley At the turn of the 20th century, trolley street cars became one of the most popular ways to get around the City of Pittsburgh. The trolley car in Pittsburgh remains a cherished tradition preserved through the sightseeing tours and shuttle services at Molly’s Trolleys.
The Pittsburgh Trolley
Wiegand Gym, 1st Floor, CUC
Kick off your Carnival Weekend with Buggy! View the latest buggy designs, talk with the teams and vote for the Buggy People’s Choice Award. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Rashid Auditorium, Gates & Hillman Centers
Note: No registration required to attend lecture. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Studio Theater, 1st Floor, CUC
Impact CMU 2024 is an annual showcase of CMU student-led social impact projects. Designed by Design for America, Impact CMU aims to celebrate our successes and create a culture of social good on campus. Impact CMU invites undergrad and graduate students at Carnegie Mellon to showcase how they have worked with a community. The projects range from student organizations and research to personal and hackathon projects. Note: No registration required. Walk-ins welcome. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and Carnival guests.
Note: No registration required. Walk-ins welcome. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and Carnival guests.
Midway Activities Tent
Crafting with the HR Family Care Initiatives is in the Activities Tent, which is #3 on the map.Attention faculty and staff: Family Care and the Office of Human Resources present crafting with your kids. This activity is appropriate for children of all ages as well as those young at heart. While your child creates, we would love to talk about how Carnegie Mellon University can support your family with a variety of benefits and programs. We will also be in the Activities Tent on Friday from 1-4 p.m. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to CMU faculty and staff and their guests.
Crafting with the HR Family Care Initiatives is in the Activities Tent, which is
#3 on the map
.Attention faculty and staff:
Attention faculty and staff
Family Care
and the Office of Human Resources present crafting with your kids. This activity is appropriate for children of all ages as well as those young at heart. While your child creates, we would love to talk about how Carnegie Mellon University can support your family with a variety of benefits and programs. We will also be in the Activities Tent on Friday from 1-4 p.m. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to CMU faculty and staff and their guests.
Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to CMU faculty and staff and their guests.
Midway, The Cut
The Activities Tent is #3 on the map.Featuring entertainment and games for students, alumni, faculty and staff throughout the entire weekend. Sponsored by the Spring Carnival Committee and the CMU Alumni Association. Activities include:
The Activities Tent is
.Featuring entertainment and games for students, alumni, faculty and staff throughout the entire weekend. Sponsored by the Spring Carnival Committee and the CMU Alumni Association. Activities include:
Activities include:
Eid Celebration (3-5 p.m.)
Crafting with HR Family Care Initiatives (3-6 p.m.)
Lunar Bots Demo (3-7 p.m.)
Photobooth with takeaway (3-7 p.m.)
Arcade games (3-7 p.m.)
Face painter (3:30-5:30 p.m.)
Balloon artist (5-7 p.m.)
Airbrush artist (5-7 p.m.)
Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to students, faculty, staff and alumni. Parents: Check out the separate kidzone area for kid-focused fun and activities. Weekend hours:
Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to students, faculty, staff and alumni. Parents: Check out the separate kidzone area for kid-focused fun and activities.
Friday & Saturday: 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Midway Activities Tent, The Cut
The Activities Tent is #3 on the map.The Muslim Student Association (MSA) invites you to join them to celebrate Eid, which occurs the day before Carnival this year.Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
.The Muslim Student Association (MSA) invites you to join them to celebrate Eid, which occurs the day before Carnival this year.Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
Location TBA
Get ready to experience an evolution of gaming as participants step through a Meta Quest 3-powered walkthrough/escape room with interactive installations. This project is part of the LBE Project Showcase, which is hosted by master's students from the Entertainment Technology Center (ETC). Note: No advance registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests. This experience is recommended for children ages 12 and older.
Note: No advance registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests. This experience is recommended for children ages 12 and older.
The Wellness Tent is #5 on the map.Relax and breathe with calming activities, sessions, information on new university wellness initiatives and much more. Sponsored by Wellness Initiatives and the CMU Alumni Association. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
The Wellness Tent is
#5 on the map
.Relax and breathe with calming activities, sessions, information on new university wellness initiatives and much more. Sponsored by Wellness Initiatives and the CMU Alumni Association. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Diagonal Walkway, Midway Entryway, The Cut (rain location: Kirr Commons)
Join the Spring Carnival committee, Pipes & Drums Band and Scotty as we celebrate the opening of Midway!  Can't make it back to campus? Sign up for the calendar hold hold - we'll add the livestream link a week prior, as well as send an event reminder with link 24-hours and one-hour prior.Note: No registration required for in-person event. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Note: No registration required for in-person event. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
CFA Parking Lot
Booth is #9 on the map.  This year’s theme is “Arcade: Let the Games Begin.” Be sure to check out every booth and cast your vote for the top choice in each category.   Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests. Weekend hours:
Booth is
#9 on the map
.  This year’s theme is “Arcade: Let the Games Begin.” Be sure to check out every booth and cast your vote for the top choice in each category.   Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Be sure to check out all of the rides and activities. Note: Individual tickets or all-day passes may be purchased onsite at the vendor’s ticketing booth.Weekend hours:
Note: Individual tickets or all-day passes may be purchased onsite at the vendor’s ticketing booth.
Between CUC Pillars
The Dog Houses display is #7 on the map.  In addition to Booth, be sure to check out the creative dog houses built by various CMU organizations and groups.   Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests. Weekend hours:
The Dog Houses display is
#7 on the map
.  In addition to Booth, be sure to check out the creative dog houses built by various CMU organizations and groups.   Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Friday and Saturday: 11 a.m.-11 p.m.
Lunar Bots will be in the Activities Tent, which is #3 on the map.Come check out CMU's lunar rovers, meet the students who just operated the first American robotic lunar rover in space at irisrover.space, drive one of our test robots, and get some cool space mission merch! Follow us on Instagram @iris_rover and @cmumoonranger. Additional weekend hours are 11 a.m.-7 p.m. on Friday and Saturday.Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
Lunar Bots will be in the Activities Tent, which is
.Come check out CMU's lunar rovers, meet the students who just operated the first American robotic lunar rover in space at
irisrover.space
, drive one of our test robots, and get some cool space mission merch! Follow us on Instagram
@iris_rover
and
@cmumoonranger
. Additional weekend hours are 11 a.m.-7 p.m. on Friday and Saturday.Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
The Kidzone Tent is #8 on the map. Attention families: Check out games and activities specifically geared toward the younger Tartans ages 8 and under. Sponsored by the Alumni Association.   Note: No registration required. No event fee.  Activities include:
The Kidzone Tent is
#8 on the map
Attention families: Check out games and activities specifically geared toward the younger Tartans ages 8 and under. Sponsored by the Alumni Association.   Note: No registration required. No event fee.
Attention families
Note: No registration required. No event fee.
Snacks
Mini prize wheel
Montessori-inspired games
Balloon artist
Face painter
Friday & Saturday: 11 a.m.-7 p.m.
Kirr Commons, Cohon University Center
What better way to open Carnival than with the infamous “Band without Pants”? Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship
Meet current student and alumni entrepreneurs at this showcase of research with a focus on startups and spin-offs. Learn more on the Show and Tell website.Note: Registration required. No event fee. Open to the CMU community and their guests.
Meet current student and alumni entrepreneurs at this showcase of research with a focus on startups and spin-offs. Learn more on the
Show and Tell website
.Note: Registration required. No event fee. Open to the CMU community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. Open to the CMU community and their guests.
General Motors Room, 2nd Floor, CUC
After the Kiltie Band Spring Carnival kick-off concert, current and former Kilties are invited for food and fun!Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome if space permits. No event fee. Open to the Kiltie community and guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome if space permits. No event fee. Open to the Kiltie community and guests.
Legacy Plaza
Celebrate the first day of Carnival at C#'s Carnival Concert. Performances from all three branches of C# (a cappella, choir and concert groups) as well as guest appearances from other groups and soloists around campus. Note: No registration required. No event fee. Time subject to change. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Note: No registration required. No event fee. Time subject to change. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Reunion Tent, The Cut
The Reunion Tent is #4 on the map.Kick off Reunion Weekend at Spring Carnival with a casual happy hour gathering for all Reunion classes. Appetizers and drinks provided. Note: Registration requested. No event fee. This event is open to alumni Reunion celebrants and their guests only.
.Kick off Reunion Weekend at Spring Carnival with a casual happy hour gathering for all Reunion classes. Appetizers and drinks provided. Note: Registration requested. No event fee. This event is open to alumni Reunion celebrants and their guests only.
Note: Registration requested. No event fee. This event is open to alumni Reunion celebrants and their guests only.
The College of Engineering will be recognizing and celebrating College of Engineering alumni for their achievements and service.  We are excited to celebrate the inaugural year of the College of Engineering Alumni Awards!  Learn more about the College of Engineering Alumni Awards.Note: Separate reservation required.
The College of Engineering will be recognizing and celebrating College of Engineering alumni for their achievements and service.  We are excited to celebrate the inaugural year of the College of Engineering Alumni Awards!  Learn more about the
College of Engineering Alumni Awards
Note: Separate reservation required.
Performer(s) will be added after the Activities Board Speakers committee officially makes their announcement. "Like" Activities Board on Instagram for updates on artists, giveaways and location.Note: Time may change. Tickets details and information to be added in the coming weeks.
Performer(s) will be added after the Activities Board Speakers committee officially makes their announcement. "Like" Activities Board on
Instagram
for updates on artists, giveaways and location.Note: Time may change. Tickets details and information to be added in the coming weeks.
Note: Time may change. Tickets details and information to be added in the coming weeks.
Join the Buggy Alumni Association for food and drinks and make your predictions for the Sweepstakes prelims. Note: Pay on your own at restaurant. Open to members of the Buggy community.
Note: Pay on your own at restaurant. Open to members of the Buggy community.
Rangos Ballroom, Cohon University Center
Join Scotch'n'Soda Theatre for a performance under the sea! This year, Scotch'n'Soda is thrilled to present Disney's The Little Mermaid! Adapted from the wildly popular animated film and Hans Christian Anderson's original fairytale, the musical follows Ariel, King Triton's youngest daughter, who wishes to explore the world up above and pursues the human Prince Eric. But the bargains and sea witches aren't all that they seem, and Ariel needs the help of her colorful friends, Flounder the fish, Scuttle the seagull and Sebastian the crab to restore order. Sing along with all of your favorite childhood classics, and come be a part of our world! Funded in part by the Student Activities Fee. Tickets will be available online in March and at the door. Cost: $5 for students/faculty/staff; $10 for alumni and guests. Note: Disney's The Little Mermaid is presented through special arrangement with Music Theatre International (MTI). All authorized performance materials are also supplied by MTI.CostTickets will be available online in March and at the door. Cost: $5 for students/faculty/staff; $10 for alumni and guests. Weekend show times
Join Scotch'n'Soda Theatre for a performance under the sea! This year, Scotch'n'Soda is thrilled to present Disney's The Little Mermaid! Adapted from the wildly popular animated film and Hans Christian Anderson's original fairytale, the musical follows Ariel, King Triton's youngest daughter, who wishes to explore the world up above and pursues the human Prince Eric. But the bargains and sea witches aren't all that they seem, and Ariel needs the help of her colorful friends, Flounder the fish, Scuttle the seagull and Sebastian the crab to restore order. Sing along with all of your favorite childhood classics, and come be a part of our world! Funded in part by the Student Activities Fee. Tickets will be available online in March and at the door. Cost: $5 for students/faculty/staff; $10 for alumni and guests. Note: Disney's The Little Mermaid is presented through special arrangement with Music Theatre International (MTI). All authorized performance materials are also supplied by MTI.
Disney's
Note: Disney's The Little Mermaid is presented through special arrangement with Music Theatre International (MTI). All authorized performance materials are also supplied by MTI.
CostTickets will be available online in March and at the door. Cost: $5 for students/faculty/staff; $10 for alumni and guests. Weekend show times
Cost
Weekend show times
Tent, Frew Street
The Donut Tent is #17 on the map.Stop by to grab a donut and refreshments in between watching the races! Sponsored by the CMU Alumni Association. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
The Donut Tent is
#17 on the map
Stop by to grab a donut and refreshments in between watching the races! Sponsored by the CMU Alumni Association. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Tech & Frew streets (in-person) and Livestream (virtual)
Come watch the CMU tradition where teams compete in an exciting sport best described as a mix between a relay race and bobsled! Can't make it back to campus? We'll livestream the races through cmuTV. You may also tune into WRCT Radio to hear play-by-play. Register for calendar hold during registration. If you're interested in being a part of our live chat, join our BAA Discord at cmubuggy.org/chat. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Come watch the CMU tradition where teams compete in an exciting sport best described as a mix between a relay race and bobsled! Can't make it back to campus? We'll
livestream the races
through cmuTV. You may also tune into
WRCT Radio
to hear play-by-play. Register for calendar hold during registration. If you're interested in being a part of our live chat, join our BAA Discord at
cmubuggy.org/chat
The Carnival Headquarters Tent is #1 on the map- look for the giant inflatable Scotty dog!Open to the entire Tartan community! Make this your first stop to check in, download the app and register to win the daily Tartan Swag Bag giveaway.Weekend hours:Thursday through Saturday: 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
- look for the giant inflatable Scotty dog!
Make this your first stop to check in, download the app and register to win the daily Tartan Swag Bag giveaway.Weekend hours:Thursday through Saturday: 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Come by the Buggy Alumni Association tent during Sweepstakes races to meet your BAA officers and learn about our work. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
University Flagpole, The Cut
Join the NROTC in this reflective time.Note: No registration required. Walk-ins welcome. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Note: No registration required. Walk-ins welcome. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
The Reunion Buggy Watch Tent is #18 on the map. View the race from the Reunion Watch Tent located on Hill 5! Note: No registration required. Walk-ins welcome. No event fee. This event is open to Reunion celebrants and their guests.
The Reunion Buggy Watch Tent is
#18 on the map
View the race from the Reunion Watch Tent located on Hill 5! Note: No registration required. Walk-ins welcome. No event fee. This event is open to Reunion celebrants and their guests.
Note: No registration required. Walk-ins welcome. No event fee. This event is open to Reunion celebrants and their guests.
Danforth Conference Room and Lounge, 2nd Floor, Cohon University Center
Join fellow classmates for a welcome breakfast, reliving your time as students and learning about today’s Carnegie Mellon from University Archivist Julia Corrin. Can't make it back to campus? Register for the livestream during registration. Additionally, a closed-captioned recording will be available on the Carnival website a week after Carnival. Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Class of 1974 and Half Century Tartan Reunion celebrants.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Class of 1974 and Half Century Tartan Reunion celebrants.
The Reunion Tent is #4 on the map.Join fellow 25th Reunion alumni from the Class of 1999 to reconnect over breakfast and coffee! Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Class of 1999 Reunion celebrants.
.Join fellow 25th Reunion alumni from the Class of 1999 to reconnect over breakfast and coffee! Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Class of 1999 Reunion celebrants.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Class of 1999 Reunion celebrants.
The Reunion Tent is #4 on the map.Be sure to register early for these Reunion exclusive tours! Full descriptions listed in registration.
.Be sure to register early for these Reunion exclusive tours!
Be sure to register early for these Reunion exclusive tours!
Full descriptions listed in registration.
Underground Steam Tunnels
10 a.m., 11:15 a.m. and 12:30 p.m. (accessible)
Highmark Center for Health, Wellness and Athletics Tours
10 a.m. and 11 a.m.
School of Drama Costume Design Tour
10 a.m. and 11:30 a.m.
Exclusive 25th and 50th Campus Tours: When Did They Build That?
12 p.m.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. Open to Reunion alumni only. When tours reach capacity, you may go to the Reunion Tent 15 minutes prior to tour to be on standby.
Join the livestream to relive your time as a student and hear about Carnegie Mellon today with a presentation of CMU’s past and present by University Archivist Julia Corrin. Note: This event is open to the entire CMU Community. Link will be added approximately a week prior to the event.
Note: This event is open to the entire CMU Community. Link will be added approximately a week prior to the event.
Featuring entertainment and games for students, alumni, faculty and staff throughout the entire weekend. Sponsored by the Spring Carnival Committee and the CMU Alumni Association.
Face painter (11 a.m.-3 p.m.)
Lunar Bots Demo (11 a.m.-7 p.m.)
Photobooth with takeaway (11 a.m.-7 p.m.)
Arcade games (11 a.m.-7 p.m.)
Balloon artist (1-3 p.m.)
Crafting with HR Family Care Initiatives (1-4 p.m.)
Crafting with the Carnival Committee (2-4 p.m.)
Airbrush artist (3:30-7 p.m.)
(
3:30-7 p.m.
)
Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to students, faculty, staff and alumni. Parents: Check out the separate kidzone area for kid-focused fun and activities.   Weekend hours:
The Dog Houses display is #7 on the map.In addition to Booth, be sure to check out the creative dog houses built by various CMU organizations and groups. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.Weekend hours:
.In addition to Booth, be sure to check out the creative dog houses built by various CMU organizations and groups. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.Weekend hours:
Booth is #9 on the map.This year’s theme is “Arcade: Let the Games Begin.” Be sure to check out every booth and cast your vote for the top choice in each category. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.Weekend hours:
.This year’s theme is “Arcade: Let the Games Begin.” Be sure to check out every booth and cast your vote for the top choice in each category. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Lunar Bots will be in the Activities Tent, which is #3 on the map.Come check out CMU's lunar rovers, meet the students who just operated the first American robotic lunar rover in space at irisrover.space, drive one of our test robots, and get some cool space mission merch! Follow us on Instagram @iris_rover and @cmumoonranger. Additional weekend hours are 3-7 p.m. on  Thursday and 11 a.m.-7 p.m. on Saturday.Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
. Additional weekend hours are 3-7 p.m. on  Thursday and 11 a.m.-7 p.m. on Saturday.Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
The Wellness Tent is #5 on the map.Relax and breathe with calming activities, sessions, information on new university wellness initiatives and much more. Sponsored by Wellness Initiatives and the CMU Alumni Association. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.Weekend hours:
.Relax and breathe with calming activities, sessions, information on new university wellness initiatives and much more. Sponsored by Wellness Initiatives and the CMU Alumni Association. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.Weekend hours:
The Carnival Headquarters Tent is #1 on the map - look for the giant inflatable Scotty dog!Make this your first stop to check in, download the app and register to win the daily Tartan Swag Bag giveaway.Weekend hours:
- look for the giant inflatable Scotty dog!Make this your first stop to check in, download the app and register to win the daily Tartan Swag Bag giveaway.
Note: No registration required. Individual tickets or all-day passes may be purchased onsite at the vendor’s ticketing booth.
The Kidzone Tent is #8 on the map.Attention families: Check out games and activities specifically geared toward the younger Tartans ages 8 and under. Sponsored by the Alumni Association. Note: No registration required. No event fee.  Activities include:
Attention families: Check out games and activities specifically geared toward the younger Tartans ages 8 and under. Sponsored by the Alumni Association. Note: No registration required. No event fee.
The audible crosswalk annunciator that protected our community at Forbes and Morewood is back! Press the cross button worn smooth by thousands running late to class.
First-years: If you missed it at Homecoming, now is the time to meet the campus legend.
Veteran Boopers: Rekindle your love with a Beep-Boop selfie.
IDeATe Studio A, 1st Floor, Hunt Library
​​Want to learn more about soft technologies, physical computing, sonic arts, or game design on campus? Want to playtest some new video games or step inside a VR experience? Alumni and friends are encouraged to make a creative Carnival stop at the IDeATe Open Labs & Studios in Hunt Library. Come learn more about interdisciplinary student projects and unique immersive course events. Meet us at the intersection of Art and Technology, where creative and technical skills are leveled up, where the ideas flow freely—let the games begin!Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome if space permits. No event fee. Open to the entire CMU community and guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome if space permits. No event fee. Open to the entire CMU community and guests.
Between Purnell and Cohon University Center, East/West Walkway (rain location: under CUC loggia)
This complimentary lunch is open to the entire CMU community, while supplies last. Staff and Faculty: Stop by the Ice Cream Social area during the Campus Community Lunch to meet members of Staff Council. Additionally, members of the Employee Resources Group (ERG) will be around to share information about various opportunities. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
This complimentary lunch is open to the entire CMU community, while supplies last. Staff and Faculty: Stop by the Ice Cream Social area during the Campus Community Lunch to meet members of Staff Council. Additionally, members of the
Staff and Faculty
Employee Resources Group
(ERG) will be around to share information about various opportunities. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
The Reunion Tent is #4 on the map.Reunion attendees are welcome to celebrate campus sustainability at a complimentary lunch open to the entire CMU community. There will be reserved seating in the Reunion Tent for all Reunion celebrants with a name badge.Note: No registration required. Walk-ins welcome. No event fee. This event is open to alumni Reunion celebrants and their guests only.
.Reunion attendees are welcome to celebrate campus sustainability at a complimentary lunch open to the entire CMU community. There will be reserved seating in the Reunion Tent for all Reunion celebrants with a name badge.Note: No registration required. Walk-ins welcome. No event fee. This event is open to alumni Reunion celebrants and their guests only.
Note: No registration required. Walk-ins welcome. No event fee. This event is open to alumni Reunion celebrants and their guests only.
Tent, Baker Hall Patio
Alumni and graduate students are invited to join the Statistics and Data Science Department current faculty and staff for a lunch and opportunity to reconnect. This event is open to alumni, graduate students, faculty and staff of the Statistics and Data Science department. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to graduate students, alumni, faculty and staff of the Statistics & Data Science Department.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to graduate students, alumni, faculty and staff of the Statistics & Data Science Department.
Race Course by Wean Hall
The School of Computer Science welcomes all members of the Carnegie Mellon community to participate in the annual Carnegie Mellon Mobot Races ("MObile roBOTs") along a slalom course. The competition provides participants an opportunity to demonstrate their technological creativity, while encouraging interdisciplinary teams to attack the challenges in the race course. Sponsored by Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Aptiv and the School of Computer Science.Interested in competing? Send e-mail to mobot@cs.cmu.edu to have your name added to the list of Mobot "subscribers." Please do this even if you were on the list last year. Subscribers will be sent a copy of the official race rules and will be kept informed of race announcements and developments.  Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
The School of Computer Science welcomes all members of the Carnegie Mellon community to participate in the annual Carnegie Mellon Mobot Races ("MObile roBOTs") along a slalom course. The competition provides participants an opportunity to demonstrate their technological creativity, while encouraging interdisciplinary teams to attack the challenges in the race course. Sponsored by Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Aptiv and the School of Computer Science.Interested in competing? Send e-mail to
Sponsored by Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Aptiv and the School of Computer Science.
Interested in competing?
mobot@cs.cmu.edu
to have your name added to the list of Mobot "subscribers." Please do this even if you were on the list last year. Subscribers will be sent a copy of the official race rules and will be kept informed of race announcements and developments.  Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
All proceeds from the event will go to the Special Olympics of Pennsylvania (SOPA). The Carnegie Mellon University Police Department has been involved with SOPA for many years with our police officers, security officers, dispatchers and families volunteering for a number of SOPA activities. The college/school raising the most money will be awarded the Douse-a-Dean Loving Cup to proudly display for the year. Provost James Garrett has made the challenge, and the deans have accepted. Dean dousing schedule will be announced in late March. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
PRISM and QAAC will be hosting an interactive event to showcase queer talent from students, alumni, and Pittsburgh locals. Performers will showcase their talents, reflect on their queer experiences, and facilitate an engaging activity and/or discussion with the audience. Queer artists will also be presenting their art installations and sharing their inspirations. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Peter, Wright and McKenna Rooms, 2nd Floor, Cohon University Center
All PiKA undergraduates, alumni of all years, parents and their children are invited to attend this luncheon and are strongly encouraged to RSVP. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Pi Kappa Alpha community.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Pi Kappa Alpha community.
Room 121 and the Joseph Ballay Center for Design Fusion, Margaret Morrison
All School of Design alumni and their guests are welcomed to join us in Margaret Morrison to  mingle with fellow alumni and faculty. Mark Baskinger, Director of the Joseph Ballay Center for Design Fusion, we give scheduled presentations to share the progress of the Ballay Center. We look forward to welcoming you back to Maggie Mo.Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Design alumni community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Design alumni community and their guests.
The Spring Carnival Committee (SCC) invites the CMU community to join them in some fun crafting projects in the Activities Tent, which is #3 on the map.Note: Registration not required. No event fee.
The Spring Carnival Committee (SCC) invites the CMU community to join them in some fun crafting projects in the Activities Tent, which is
.Note: Registration not required. No event fee.
Note: Registration not required. No event fee.
3rd Floor Collaboratory, Scott Hall
Meet, mix and mingle with alumni, current students and faculty. Get an update on current events in the department. Families and children are welcome! Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the BME community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the BME community and their guests.
Room A227, Doherty Hall
ChemE alumni are invited to join the faculty and students in the Rothfus Lab for a meet and greet with refreshments. Catch up on what's new with student and faculty research projects and other department activities. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the ChemE community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the ChemE community and their guests.
Singleton room, 4th Floor, Roberts Engineering Hall
Stop by to mingle with fellow ECE alumni and grab some totes, t-shirts and tacos! Note: Registration required. No event fee. Open to members of the ECE community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. Open to members of the ECE community and their guests.
Join others in the Mobot community for a recap of the 2024 Mobot races. Note: No registration required. No event fee. Open to CMU community and their guests.
Note: No registration required. No event fee. Open to CMU community and their guests.
Tartans Pavilion
Enjoy some refreshments with our incredible athletic coaches. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to alumni and parents.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to alumni and parents.
EPP students, alumni, parents and families are invited to join the EPP faculty and staff for ice cream sundaes. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to EPP alumni and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to EPP alumni and their guests.
Room 3300, Corridor Deck, Wean Hall (Rain location: Room 2325, Wean Hall)
Alumni of the Materials Science and Engineering Department (and their guests) are invited to catch up with the faculty and staff on the MSE Deck for a happy hour. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the alumni and guests of the MSE community.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the alumni and guests of the MSE community.
Tent, Baker Hall Patio (Rain location: McKenna, Peter and Wright Rooms, 2nd Floor, CUC)
Join current and former members of AB Tech for food, fun and conversation during our annual Spring Carnival gathering. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the AB Tech community and their guests.Cost:
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the AB Tech community and their guests.
$10/per attendee for alumni and guests
No fee for undergraduate students.
Learn about the origin and development of the Sweepstakes races and what students are doing to push the boundaries of the sport in new directions. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Mellon Auditorium (A35), Posner
The lecture is a tribute to the late Stephen and Joyce Fienberg for their distinctive contributions to the statistical community.  This year's lecturer is Alicia L. Carriquiry, Distinguished Professor and President's Chair, Director of the Center for Statistics and Applications in Forensic Evidence at Iowa State University. Attendees are welcome to attend the reception in the Rachel Mellon Walton Room that follows. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
McConomy Auditorium, Cohon University Center
Join the NROTC as they recognize outstanding academic achievement at the annual Award Ceremony. Reception immediately follows. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the NROTC community and their guests.
Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the NROTC community and their guests.
Danforth Lounge, 2nd Floor, CUC
The Mellon College of Science invites MCS alumni from the Class of 1974 to join them for a celebration. Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the MCS Class of 1974 and their guests.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the MCS Class of 1974 and their guests.
Information Systems is excited to host a happy hour for IS Alumni, Class of 2024 graduating seniors of the IS program, and IS staff and faculty to celebrate 40 years of graduates of the program. Light appetizers will be provided and drinks will be available for purchase. Please reach out to Jessica Lutz at isalumni@andrew.cmu.edu with any questions.Note: Separate registration required.
Information Systems is excited to host a happy hour for IS Alumni, Class of 2024 graduating seniors of the IS program, and IS staff and faculty to celebrate 40 years of graduates of the program. Light appetizers will be provided and drinks will be available for purchase. Please reach out to Jessica Lutz at
isalumni@andrew.cmu.edu
with any questions.
Note: Separate registration required.
The Reunion Tent is #4 on the map.Don’t miss one of our most popular reunion events! Mix and mingle with classmates and have a drink with your favorite professor or staff member. If there is a faculty or staff member you would like to invite, please submit their name during registration. Appetizers and drinks provided. Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to all alumni Reunion celebrants and their guests.
.Don’t miss one of our most popular reunion events! Mix and mingle with classmates and have a drink with your favorite professor or staff member. If there is a faculty or staff member you would like to invite, please submit their name during registration. Appetizers and drinks provided. Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to all alumni Reunion celebrants and their guests.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to all alumni Reunion celebrants and their guests.
Join Scotch'n'Soda Theatre for a performance under the sea! This year, Scotch'n'Soda is thrilled to presentDisney'sThe Little Mermaid! Adapted from the wildly popular animated film and Hans Christian Anderson's original fairytale, the musical follows Ariel, King Triton's youngest daughter, who wishes to explore the world up above and pursues the human Prince Eric. But the bargains and sea witches aren't all that they seem, and Ariel needs the help of her colorful friends, Flounder the fish, Scuttle the seagull and Sebastian the crab to restore order. Sing along with all of your favorite childhood classics, and come be a part of our world! Funded in part by the Student Activities Fee. Tickets will be available online in March and at the door. Cost: $5 for students/faculty/staff; $10 for alumni and guests.Note: Disney's The Little Mermaid is presented through special arrangement with Music Theatre International (MTI). All authorized performance materials are also supplied by MTI.CostTickets will be available online in March and at the door. Cost: $5 for students/faculty/staff; $10 for alumni and guests.Weekend show times
Disney'sThe Little Mermaid
Heinz College Alumni Award Presentation and Reception hosted by Dean Ramayya Krishnan and the Heinz College Alumni Association Board as we recognize the achievements of three of our outstanding alumni. Check out the Heinz Alumni Association Awards Program to learn about this year's recipients and details about the awards. Note: Separate registration required.
The Order of the May celebrates consecutive giving to the university, with a formal induction of donors who have given consecutively for 25 years as lifetime members of the Order. This signature event has become a tradition for consecutive donors and provides CMU with a unique opportunity to recognize their loyalty. A reception will follow the ceremony. Learn more about the Order of the May.Note: Separate reservation required.
The Order of the May celebrates consecutive giving to the university, with a formal induction of donors who have given consecutively for 25 years as lifetime members of the Order. This signature event has become a tradition for consecutive donors and provides CMU with a unique opportunity to recognize their loyalty. A reception will follow the ceremony. Learn more about the
Order of the May
.Note: Separate reservation required.
A long-standing tradition that brings together current students, Pittsburgh alumni and Heinz College faculty and staff. Enjoy beverages and light appetizers while you connect with the Heinz community.Note: Separate registration required.
Schatz Dining Room, 2nd Floor, CUC
Buggy Bash RD24 is here! Join buggy students and alumni for a night of food, trivia and our finals lead truck auction. This auction will be open on the Buggy Alumni Association website on April 11 until 11 p.m.Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Buggy community and their guests.
Buggy Bash RD24 is here! Join buggy students and alumni for a night of food, trivia and our finals lead truck auction. This auction will be open on the
Buggy Alumni Association website
on April 11 until 11 p.m.Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Buggy community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Buggy community and their guests.
Connan Room, 1st Floor, CUC
Reconnect with former classmates at this signature reunion event. Enjoy a variety of food stations, beverages and desserts! Note: Registration required. This event is open to alumni from the Classes of 2004 and 2009 and their guests only.Cost:
Note: Registration required. This event is open to alumni from the Classes of 2004 and 2009 and their guests only.
Now through Feb. 23: $25 per attendee for alumni and guests.
Feb. 24-Apr. 5: $35 per attendee for alumni and guests.
Reconnect with former classmates at this signature reunion event. Enjoy a variety of food stations, beverages and desserts! Note: Registration required. This event is open to alumni from the Classes of 2014 and 2019 and their guests only.Cost:
Note: Registration required. This event is open to alumni from the Classes of 2014 and 2019 and their guests only.
Now through Feb. 23: $15 per attendee for alumni and guests.
Feb 24.-Apr. 5: $20 per attendee for alumni and guests.
Join the Spring Carnival Committee (SCC) in celebrating talented students with the annual "Tartans Got Talent!" show. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Frew Street
The Donut Tent is #17 on the map.All are welcome to stop by to grab a donut and refreshments in between races! Sponsored by the CMU Alumni Association. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
All are welcome to stop by to grab a donut and refreshments in between races! Sponsored by the CMU Alumni Association. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Watch the exciting conclusion of this year's Sweepstakes races as teams take on the final heats that stand between them and the championship title. Can't make it back to campus? We'll livestream the races through cmuTV. You may also tune into WRCT Radio to hear the play-by-play. If you're interested in being a part of our live chat, join our BAA Discord at cmubuggy.org/chat. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Watch the exciting conclusion of this year's Sweepstakes races as teams take on the final heats that stand between them and the championship title. Can't make it back to campus? We'll
to hear the play-by-play. If you're interested in being a part of our live chat, join our BAA Discord at
. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Midway, The Cut (Rain location: Wean Commons, 1st Floor, CUC)
The Carnival Headquarters Tent is #1 on the map - look for the giant inflatable Scotty dog!Open to the entire Tartan community! Make this your first stop to check in, download the app and register to win the daily Tartan Swag Bag giveaway.   Weekend hours:  Thursday through Saturday: 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Make this your first stop to check in, download the app and register to win the daily Tartan Swag Bag giveaway.   Weekend hours:  Thursday through Saturday: 8 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Calling Tepper alumni! Stop by our Tepper Buggy Tent for refreshments and watching the races. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. This event is open to the Tepper community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. This event is open to the Tepper community and their guests.
The Reunion Buggy Watch Tent is #18 on the map.View the race from our Reunion Watch Tent located on Hill 5!Note: No registration required. No event fee. Open to alumni Reunion celebrants and their guests only.
View the race from our Reunion Watch Tent located on Hill 5!Note: No registration required. No event fee. Open to alumni Reunion celebrants and their guests only.
Note: No registration required. No event fee. Open to alumni Reunion celebrants and their guests only.
Tung Au Lab (Room 107), Porter Hall
Buggy watch party for Civil and Environmental Engineering (CEE) students, alumni, faculty, staff and their families. The 2024 CEE Alumni Award recipients will also be recognized during the event. Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the CEE community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the CEE community and their guests.
Danforth Conference Room, 2nd Floor, CUC
Join us to celebrate the establishment of CMU's Hispanic Latino Alumni Association (HLAA) as we look to add representation, and voice to CMU's Hispanic & Latino community. During this event we will discuss HLAAs establishment, vision and accomplishments in FY23. We will learn about the dynamism and drive of our current students, collect alumni feedback and needs as we look to solidify our place amongst the greater CMU community. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the HLAA community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the HLAA community and their guests.
Rooms 6121 and 6115, as well as the main hallway, Gates
The School of Computer Science (SCS) will host a breakfast buffet for all SCS alumni and livestream the buggy races.Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is for SCS community alumni and their guests.
Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is for SCS community alumni and their guests.
Lobby, 1st Floor, Scaife Hall
Mechanical Engineering alumni and their families are invited to join us in Scaife Hall to watch the Buggy races and enjoy breakfast pastries, coffee and community. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the MechE community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the MechE community and their guests.
Join members of the Dietrich community, enjoy a light brunch and to see those races up close. We hope to see you there! Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Dietrich community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Dietrich community and their guests.
Studio A, 1st Floor, Hunt Library
Join the Mellon College of Science alumni, parents, students and friends for a Buggy watching party over coffee and light refreshments. All MCS alumni, parents, students and friends are invited. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the MCS community.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the MCS community.
East/West Walkway
Enjoy some of Pittsburgh's local food trucks on campus. Participating trucks will be listed in late March. Note: No registration required. Pay on your own at food truck(s). This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Note: No registration required. Pay on your own at food truck(s). This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
This year’s theme is “Let the Games Begin.” Be sure to check out every booth and cast your vote for the top choice in each category. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.Weekend hours:
This year’s theme is “Let the Games Begin.” Be sure to check out every booth and cast your vote for the top choice in each category.
Thursday: 3:30 to 11 p.m.
Friday & Saturday: 11 a.m. to 11 p.m.
Be sure to check out all of the rides and activities, including traditions like ferris wheel and swings. There will also be a special kid's ride area.Weekend hours:
Be sure to check out all of the rides and activities, including traditions like ferris wheel and swings. There will also be a special kid's ride area.
Thursday: 3:30-11 p.m.
Lunar Bots will be in the Activities Tent, which is #3 on the map.Come check out CMU's lunar rovers, meet the students who just operated the first American robotic lunar rover in space at irisrover.space, drive one of our test robots, and get some cool space mission merch! Follow us on Instagram @iris_rover and @cmumoonranger. Additional weekend hours are 3-7 p.m. on  Thursday and 11 a.m.-7 p.m. on Friday.Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
. Additional weekend hours are 3-7 p.m. on  Thursday and 11 a.m.-7 p.m. on Friday.Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
Crafting with the Spring Carnival Committee (1-4 p.m.)
Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to students, faculty, staff and alumni. Parents: Check out the separate kidzone area for kid-focused fun and activities.   Weekend hours:
Attention families: Check out games and activities specifically geared toward the younger Tartans ages 8 and under. Sponsored by the Alumni Association.
Relax and breathe with calming activities, sessions, information and much more. Full schedule available in March. Sponsored by Wellness Initiatives and the CMU Alumni Association.Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.Weekend hours:
Relax and breathe with calming activities, sessions, information and much more. Full schedule available in March. Sponsored by Wellness Initiatives and the CMU Alumni Association.
Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.Weekend hours:
When someone experiences cardiac arrest, immediate intervention is absolutely necessary. However, most cardiac arrests occur outside of hospitals, limiting the accessibility of professional help. Immediate CPR by a bystander can greatly increase the chance of survival. Hands-only CPR is easy, quick to learn and can empower anyone to become a lifesaver. Stop by this event to learn CPR in two  easy steps and practice communicating with other bystanders during emergencies. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the entire CMU community and their guests.
Alumni Concert Hall, CFA
Join us for the Class of 1974 induction into the Half Century Tartans and celebrate with CMU leadership at this annual recognition event.  As new members, you will receive your 50th Reunion Medallion during the event. The Half Century Tartans recognizes all alumni who have celebrated 50 or more years as an alumnus with Carnegie Mellon. All Half Century Tartans members are invited to attend as well. Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Class of 1974 and Half Century Tartans alumni and their guests.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Class of 1974 and Half Century Tartans alumni and their guests.
IS alumni: Join us to celebrate 40 years of undergraduate information systems graduates at Carnegie Mellon University. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the IS community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the IS community and their guests.
Peter & Wright rooms, 2nd Floor, CUC
Scotch'n'Soda alumni and students are invited to celebrate 86 years of student theater! Network with friends new and old and learn about what is going on in Scotch'n'Soda and the Alumni Association. There is no admission fee and the event ends before the matinee performance. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the S’n’S community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the S’n’S community and their guests.
Room A51 (Giant Eagle Auditorium), Baker Hall
Join us for the annual meeting of the Beta Sigma Chapter of Pi Kappa Alpha with lunch included. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Beta Sigma Corporation community.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Beta Sigma Corporation community.
The Cut near entrance to Hamerschlag Hall
Please join Dean Bill Sanders in unveiling the Friends of Engineering Bridge, a beautiful installation honoring the College of Engineering community, including alumni, parents and friends.  Located as you descend the stairs to the Engineering Quad between Hamerschlag Hall and ANSYS Hall, the area serves as a meaningful landmark signifying the bridge between the College of Engineering's past and future.  Refreshments will be available.  Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Engineering community.
Please join Dean Bill Sanders in unveiling the Friends of Engineering Bridge, a beautiful installation honoring the College of Engineering community, including alumni, parents and friends.  Located as you descend the stairs to the Engineering Quad between Hamerschlag Hall and ANSYS Hall, the area serves as a meaningful landmark signifying the bridge between the College of Engineering's past and future.  Refreshments will be available.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Engineering community.
Room 100 (Gregg Hall), Porter Hall
Join the Carnegie Mellon Black Alumni Association for our biannual meeting with the theme of "Next Level." We’ll come together to share updates on the CMBAA and the student organizations we support, to discuss what you would like to see from the CMBAA in the future and to socialize. Can't make it back to campus? Be sure to register for the livestream during registration. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. This event is open to the CMU community. Cost:
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. This event is open to the CMU community.
Cost:
$20/per person for alumni and guests.
No charge for students and children 12 and under.
Meet at the intersection of Tech St. and Margaret Morrison
Take a sneak peak into a state-of-the-art facility that is scheduled to open in fall 2024 and will be the vibrant hub for CMU students. The Highmark Center for Health, Wellness and Athletics will focus on the well-being of the students. Join us for a tour and see the major transformation of the former Skibo Gymnasium. Learn more about the new Highmark Center: https://www.cmu.edu/hwac/. All tour participants will be required to wear sturdy, closed-toe shoes. Note: Advance registration required. No walk-ins. This event is open to alumni and parents.Time Options
Take a sneak peak into a state-of-the-art facility that is scheduled to open in fall 2024 and will be the vibrant hub for CMU students. The Highmark Center for Health, Wellness and Athletics will focus on the well-being of the students. Join us for a tour and see the major transformation of the former Skibo Gymnasium. Learn more about the new Highmark Center:
https://www.cmu.edu/hwac/
. All tour participants will be required to wear sturdy, closed-toe shoes. Note: Advance registration required. No walk-ins. This event is open to alumni and parents.Time Options
Note: Advance registration required. No walk-ins. This event is open to alumni and parents.
Time Options
1-2 p.m.
2-3 p.m.
3-4 p.m.
NOMAS entryway - Diagonal Walkway, Midway Entryway, The Cut
Drop by the official Spring Carnival entrance pavilion to meet School of Architecture Head Omar Khan and current students who designed and built this NOMAS-led project. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Architecture community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the Architecture community and their guests.
Join current WRCT leadership for this casual reception as we celebrate 75 years. At 1:30 pm, we'll share highlights from the past 75 years, as well as share some goals for the future. We hope you are able to drop by! Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the WRCT community, alumni and their guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the WRCT community, alumni and their guests.
Attention Alumni Association Board Alumni: Calling all current and past members of the CMU AAB! Join us for a casual AABA Network Social to catch up and reconnect with current and former Carnegie Mellon Alumni Association Board members. Note: Private event. No event fee. This event is for alumni and current members of the Alumni Association Board only.
Attention Alumni Association Board Alumni: Calling all current and past members of the CMU AAB! Join us for a casual AABA Network Social to catch up and reconnect with current and former Carnegie Mellon Alumni Association Board members.
Note: Private event. No event fee. This event is for alumni and current members of the Alumni Association Board only.
McKenna Room, 2nd Floor, CUC
All families are welcome to drop in to our hospitality lounge to take a break, grab some snacks, take a photo, mingle with fellow families and chat with staff. Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to parents and families of current students.
Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to parents and families of current students.
The Tartan Office, Room 314, Cohon University Center
Meet the current student staff of The Tartan and mingle with your former classmates from your time as part of CMU's student-run newspaper.Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is for alumni and families of the The Tartan community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is for alumni and families of the The Tartan community and their guests.
Join the DU Alumni Board for our annual meeting. This event is an open meeting and is not limited to board members. Can't make it back to campus? Be sure to register for the livestream during registration. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the DU community.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome as space permits. No event fee. This event is open to the DU community.
CMU EMS Office (5146 Margaret Morrison St)
CMU EMS will be grilling outside our office space for current members, alumni and Public Safety partners. Families and guests are welcome. Note: Registration not required. No event fee. This event is open to members of the EMS community.
Note: Registration not required. No event fee. This event is open to members of the EMS community.
The Reunion Tent is #4 on the map.Meet local Carnegie Mellon alumni brewmasters who will be serving samples of their craft beers. The first 300 attendees will receive a commemorative pint glass. Free samples from all our brewers, and one pint pour will be provided. Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to Reunion celebrants and their guests.
.Meet local Carnegie Mellon alumni brewmasters who will be serving samples of their craft beers. The first 300 attendees will receive a commemorative pint glass. Free samples from all our brewers, and one pint pour will be provided. Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to Reunion celebrants and their guests.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to Reunion celebrants and their guests.
Starting Location TBA in later March
Tour Times (choose one of two options during registration)
Tour Times
2:30-3 p.m.
3:30-4 p.m.
Join Costa Samaras, Director of the Scott Institute, Valerie Karplus, Associate Director of the Scott Institute, Bob Reppe, Assistant Vice President of Campus Design and Facility Development, and University Architect, and Steve Guenther, University Engineering and Assistant Vice President of Facilities Management and Campus Services, for a special access tour to CMU's underground steam tunnel system, and hear about the energy innovations that have shaped Pittsburgh's past and are driving the future in the region and beyond.   Space is limited. Children under age 10 are not permitted in the steam tunnels due to safety concerns. All tour participants will be required to wear closed-toe shoes with good tread. Sneakers, work boots or hiking boots are preferred as there are ladders involved. Note: Registration required. Open to alumni. No event fee.
Note: Registration required. Open to alumni. No event fee.
1057 Morewood Ave, front porch
Join current and alumni SigEp brothers in celebrating Carnival with some grilled meats at the SigEp House! Vegetarian and Vegan options will be provided upon request.
Join the Carnegie Mellon Racing (CMR) team as we unveil our two race cars, designed and built from scratch by a group of 100interdisciplinary students to compete in the Formula SAE competition. Learn more on our website.Note: No registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
Join the Carnegie Mellon Racing (CMR) team as we unveil our two race cars, designed and built from scratch by a group of 100interdisciplinary students to compete in the Formula SAE competition. Learn more on our
website
Recreational Room, West Wing
On behalf of the Residential Education and the Office of Orientation and Family Programs (formerly the Student Life Office), we invite you to join us for a Carnival reception. We will have light refreshments and current Office of Residential Education and First Year Orientation staff will be present, including Housefellows.  We would love to reminisce with you about being a CA, RA, HOC, OL or OC and how these roles on campus might have impacted you. And, as always, we are excited to share with you the exciting changes and happenings in Residential education at Carnegie Mellon. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Kristine Kengor at kkengor@andrew.cmu.edu or call 412-268-2142. Note: Registration not required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
On behalf of the Residential Education and the Office of Orientation and Family Programs (formerly the Student Life Office), we invite you to join us for a Carnival reception. We will have light refreshments and current Office of Residential Education and First Year Orientation staff will be present, including Housefellows.  We would love to reminisce with you about being a CA, RA, HOC, OL or OC and how these roles on campus might have impacted you. And, as always, we are excited to share with you the exciting changes and happenings in Residential education at Carnegie Mellon. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Kristine Kengor at
kkengor@andrew.cmu.edu
or call 412-268-2142. Note: Registration not required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
Note: Registration not required. No event fee. This event is open to the CMU community.
Bring your favorite four-legged friend for this dog costume party in honor of the Carnival Doghouses! Prizes go the top dog! Note: Registration not required. No event fee.
Come celebrate Carnival with Scotch'n'Soda Theatre, and join us for a performance under the sea! This year, Scotch'n'Soda is thrilled to present our production of Disney's The Little Mermaid! Adapted from the wildly popular animated film and Hans Christian Anderson's original fairytale, the musical follows Ariel, King Triton's youngest daughter, who wishes to explore the world up above and pursue the human Prince Eric. But the bargains and sea witches aren't all that they seem, and Ariel needs the help of her colorful friends, Flounder the fish, Scuttle the seagull and Sebastian the crab to restore order under the sea. Sing along with all of your favorite childhood classics, and come be a part of our world! Funded in part by the Student Activities Fee. Note: Disney's The Little Mermaid is presented through special arrangement with Music Theatre International (MTI). All authorized performance materials are also supplied by MTI.  CostTickets will be available online in March and at the door. Cost: $5 for students/faculty/staff; $10 for alumni and guests. Weekend show times
Grand Room, Posner Hall
Say au revoir to 'Modern Languages' and welcome to 'Languages, Cultures & Applied Linguistics.' It's not just a name; it's a passport to a world of cultural exploration and linguistic innovation. Join us in celebrating this exciting transition as we embrace a new era, aligning our department's identity with a broader mission of fostering diverse cultural understanding and advancing applied linguistics in our global community.Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Modern Languages community and their guests.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Modern Languages community and their guests.
Tartans on the Rise celebrates recent alumni who are making an impact in their organizations and in their communities, across the nation and around the world through leadership, innovation and career achievements. Check out the Tartans on the Rise campus display outside the Purnell Center throughout the weekend to learn more about the slate of recent alumni being recognized. Note: Separate registration required.
Tartans on the Rise
Join SPIRIT Racing Systems (SRS) alumni, students, friends and family for an update on and celebration of SRS and their accomplishments. Can't make it back to campus? We'll livestream the gathering, so be sure to sign up for the livestream event during registration. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome if space permits. No event fee. Open to the Kiltie community and guests.
The Reunion Tent is #4 on the map.Reconnect with former classmates at this signature reunion event. Enjoy a variety of food stations, beverages and desserts! Note: Registration required. This event is open to the Classes of 1979, 1984, 1989 and 1994 and their guests only.Cost
.Reconnect with former classmates at this signature reunion event. Enjoy a variety of food stations, beverages and desserts! Note: Registration required. This event is open to the Classes of 1979, 1984, 1989 and 1994 and their guests only.
Note: Registration required. This event is open to the Classes of 1979, 1984, 1989 and 1994 and their guests only.
Adult
Now through Feb. 23: $35 per person 12 years of age and older.
Feb. 24 through Apr. 5: $40 per person 12 years of age and older.
Feb 24. through Apr. 5: $25 per person ages 6-11.
Celebrate your reunion in the beautiful College of Fine Arts! Enjoy a variety of food stations, beverages and desserts and toast to an amazing 25 years with fellow classmates from the Class of 1999! Note: Registration required. This event is open to the Class of 1999 and their guests only.Cost
Note: Registration required. This event is open to the Class of 1999 and their guests only.
Feb. 24 through Apr. 5: $45 per person 12 years of age and older.
Now through Feb. 23: $15 per person ages 6-12.
Feb. 24 through Apr. 5: $20 per person ages 6-12.
Join fellow alumni for a Class of 2023 first reunion! Enjoy a variety of food stations, beverages and desserts! Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Class of 2023 and their guests.
Note: Registration required. No event fee. This event is open to the Class of 2023 and their guests.
Pittsburgh Golf Club
Reconnect with former classmates at this signature 50th Reunion celebration for the Class of 1974 at the beautiful Pittsburgh Golf Club. Cocktail reception followed by dinner. Note: Registration required. This event is open to the Class of 1974, Half Century Tartans and their guests only.Meal Selections and Cost
Note: Registration required. This event is open to the Class of 1974, Half Century Tartans and their guests only.
Meal Selections and Cost
Meal selection options: Beef, salmon or vegetarian
Now through Feb. 23: $94 per person.
Feb. 24 through Apr. 5: $99 per person.
Performer(s) will be added after the Activities Board Concerts committee officially makes their announcement. Doors open at 7 p.m. Follow the Activities Board on Facebook and Instagram for updates on artists, giveaways and location!
Performer(s) will be added after the Activities Board Concerts committee officially makes their announcement. Doors open at 7 p.m. Follow the Activities Board on
Facebook
for updates on artists, giveaways and location!
Students, Faculty and Staff: Tickets will be placed on CarnegieMellonTickets.com when tickets become available several weeks prior to event. Must have valid CMU ID to secure tickets.
Alumni: Limited number of tickets available through Carnival registration.
The Oaklander
Reconnect with Delta Upsilon over heavy appetizers and drinks at private room at The Oaklander. This event is open to all DU alumni, family and friends. Food and drinks on your own. Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome if space permits. No event fee. Open to the DU community and guests.
Note: Registration required. Walk-ins are welcome if space permits. No event fee. Open to the DU community and guests.
Hunt Library
The Mall
Join us for a delightful celebration of Holi at CMU! Embrace the start of spring as we celebrate the festival of colors during Carnival Weekend. Experience the charm of traditional South Asian dance teams and a special guest performer who will add a touch of magic to our color-throwing ceremony. Best of all, everyone is welcome to join in the festivities!Note: Time will be confirmed in the coming weeks. Ticket information will be added here when live (likely late March).
Note: Time will be confirmed in the coming weeks. Ticket information will be added here when live (likely late March).
CMUevents@andrew.cmu.edu
412-268-8089
